# DoublEdge-Truthcoin git remote add origin https://github.com/Doubledge007/DoublEdge-Truthcoin.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main
Coin of faith for every human with faith. 4 basic functioning powers.( Food ) free or discounted by a burned ticket*self funded by everyone inviting/everyone of a faith, creed, religion, science&amp;nonfaith+ Humanitarianism=@lowest level calculates out to charity. (Scripture production of every race, creed &amp; belief + “new enlightenment based faith” Should produce funds four the three an inalienable rights. “DoubledgeCoin” power/s governed by Dogecoin which represents the people how want it influx money from current day revelations or news of its people being compromised. Example natural disasters and destruction will not compromise the law through Ethereums safe contact to release funds to structure. 100% of the funds will envelope focus to humanity and Immediate relief for one or many humans effected. DoubledgeCoin has no power to produce wealth for people yet it has the power to show 100% every platform investor-not platform investors to begging investors a continuing profit with interest accumulating and equally feeding the 4 functions of DoubledgeCoin. It is a national coin, I can provide feed, clothe, cure, rescue,… preform the 3 rights given from birth for humans on the planet. Through safe contacts these funds will be Vetted down upon the community that puts investments into DoubledgeCoin. The first law that protects the coin from abuse is its interest at home. This coin should build structures and pay for labor, material /(Newbuild Only of Remodeling to new) Scriptures *  Vehicles *Mentalhealth. Pharmasuticals/ health insurance. Education for all . Burial and Birth paid for 100% in full for humans on this land. No repayment requirements. The algorithm is .000123123 it’s the only law of the coin.  in extreme cases it switches from an unchanging numerical algorithmic as only the president and military hold the fourth power of the coin they have full ownership of the coin as it represents our security men, woman and child, and will ascertain every avenue to merge with its original 3. Version are unjustified. The coin will be made whole with four purposes. Our three can managed by deregulation. DoubledgeCoin-free coin (DE-Truth)/(DE-Life)/(DE-Rescue)Coin******If we are under attack by a foreign invader or provoked through violence or cyber attack. Our president would have the right of way to inject the 4th Coin Under agreement of all platforms would carryover the ultimate power of the three natures of (DoubledgeCoin)==(D.AlphaHigs.E#4Coin) value = ( 4+0.00124 Multiply that X300,000,000 ) Ethereum Holds the contact for the fourth Coin/ buy my law and faith Ethereum has the right to change the name to (pence)or(halfpenny)coin, As the war begins god for bed the four dollar times 400,000,000 is a one time  pence-coin that what will collect a single coin form an investor as the algorithm will choose the wealthiest to the poorest investors. Depends will be in adoption of multiple warms up hacking that disruption and rendering the plundered of Crypto,Cash,And intelligencethat can the be reinvested to our government to fund them through the (AlphHigs)pencecoin. The law of warfare  in cryptocurrency is not fully understood. During war time all profits go back to the investor and the investor can invest to the full risk of the double edge coin after the threat has left the coin goes back so it’s original design. And that is to be a coin that provides free provisions for its people. Just like it would do for the military. The coin will not be of any interest in politics or funding for anything other than weapons tactical advancement to win war battles it is only good to purchase incredible tools to preserve us as a nation. I hate that fourth part of the coin but it Hass to exist if it follows the three divine rights of our people someone Hass to be brave I hope you can consider and work with me on this
